*** Changes in version NEXT (not released yet)

Bundle AutoIt v2.64, because it is a good tool, because it is small,
and because I seem to be writing more and more .aut scripts these
days.

Create and document with-env.pl script.  Run it with --help for
details.

Bundle ipconfig.exe from MSCLIENT.  Use it in install.pl to determine
IP address.

Create install/doslib/csv.pl module, which implements a class for
parsing comma-separated-value (CSV) files.  Useful for automatically
looking up settings (like ComputerName, ProductKey) from a corporate
inventory spreadsheet.

Create and document php.bat and php.aut for installing PHP.

Create officexp.bat script for installing Office XP.  I guess I will
document this one later.

Create defrag.aut script for performing unattended disk drive
defragmentation.  Invoke it from base.bat before doing anything else,
to help compensate for the FAT->NTFS conversion.  I figure it cannot
hurt to coalesce the free space before installing stuff.

Create winxp-updates.bat script, which just applies Service Pack 1 and
then runs winxpsp1-updates.bat.  This is necessary for installing an
OEM version of XP, because slipstreaming does not work.  Thank you,
Microsoft!

Decrease timeout in isolinux.cfg from five minutes to two, and use
"localboot 128" to chain-boot the hard drive instead of the floppy.
Thanks to Scott Card.

Fix autolog.pl, again.  Run it with --help for details.

Implement and document .sleep directive for todo.pl.  Use it in
mozilla.bat, because the Mozilla installer exits before launching
itself for the first time, and the new windows occasionally screw
stuff up.  Sigh.

Add support for configuring NTP servers at installation time.

Create push_value function in unattend.pl.  This is like set_value,
but it "remembers" the old value in case the new one is undef (or is a
procedure which returns undef).  Very handy for advanced
configuration, which I really am going to document some day.

Loosen key=value regexp, for the poor souls who have to deal with
adding textmode OEM SCSI drivers.

Add latest round of 2000 and XP hotfixes.


*** Changes in version 2.3 (2002-Dec-18)

Generate iso/isolinux/isolinux.bin from read-only copy instead of
shipping it, because mkisofs mutates it.

Several minor documentation changes, plus a full rewrite of the
"Office 2000" section of installers.html.

Fix cosmetic bug converting unattend.txt entries to lower-case.

Fix bug causing machine to reboot an extra time after completing
installation.

Add "UnattendSwitch=Yes" to default unattend.txt, to prevent "Out of
Box Experience" garbage from running during XP installation.  Thanks
to Paul Baumgardner.

Rename office.bat to office2k.bat, and add latest updates.

Add latest round of Win2kSP3 hotfixes.


*** Changes in version 2.2 (2002-Dec-15)

Alter Makefile to always write .tmp files and rename them into place
when generating images.  This may help some people who have had
trouble regenerating the images, and it is good technique anyway.

Create and document new auconfig.pl script, which provides a
command-line interface to configure Automatic Updates.  Use it in
base.bat.

Add documentation for LeechFTP, NAI Virus Scan, SecureCRT, and
Timbuktu Pro installers.  Thanks to Trask Rogers.

Add first pass at documentation for OpenOffice.org.  Too bad it
doesn't work, because the installer modifies the current user's
profile instead of the one in "All Users".

Rewrite autolog.pl script.  Now you can use it to set the default
logon name and domain even if you are not configuring automatic logon
itself.

Fix some bugs in install.pl.  Add new [_meta]/autolog parameter to
control invocation of autolog.pl after installation finishes.

Update IE6SP1 and Win2kSP3 hotfixes.


*** Changes in version 2.1 (2002-Nov-10)

Create and document setenv.pl script.  Use it in Cygwin/SSH scripts.

In install.pl, only reboot machine if partition table changes.
Moving ever closer to total non-interaction...

Update win2ksp3-hotfixes.pl.

Add support for Netgear FA311/FA312 network cards.

Fix various minor bugs.

Overhaul documentation for InstallShield.

Import version 2.0 of SYSLINUX binaries.


*** Changes in version 2.0 (2002-Oct-22)

Complete rewrite of install.sh in Perl.  Now it is install.pl, and it
requires that the user install the DJGPP Perl port.  This allows
vastly more flexible site-specific configuration.

If you use version 1.x, you should re-read the OS installation page
(os.html), since it has been rewritten almost from scratch to describe
the new system.

Application installation is unchanged.


*** Changes in version 1.1.2 (2002-Oct-02)

Fix handling of "run fdisk interactively" option.

Remove "TargetPath=\WINNT" because it is redundant, and because it is
not actually the default for XP.

Rewrite startup-type.pl to use WMI interface instead of hacking
registry directly.


*** Changes in version 1.1.1 (2002-Oct-01)

Add and document Z_PATH environment variable for todo.pl.

Create and document shutdown.pl.

Add MSDN library to installers.html and create msdn.bat script.


*** Changes in version 1.1.0 (2002-Sep-30)

Create and document install/site directory.

Add and document .ignore-err directive to todo.pl.

Change todo.pl line endings from \n to \r\n.

Update hotfixes in sample scripts.


*** Changes in version 1.04 (2002-Sep-28)

Rewrite lots of documentation.


*** Changes in version 1.03 (2002-Sep-27)

Add all current hotfixes to winxpsp1-updates.bat.


*** Changes in version 1.02 (2002-Sep-27)

Create winxpsp1-updates.bat script, which installs hotfixes for
Windows XP Sevice Pack 1.

Add more documentation for install.sh script.

Rewrite "add domain accounts to local Administrators group" section of
install.sh.
